all guys on playstation 4 italy
this is the first video of our new one
channel I am already the owner of a
old channel called grand theft
car 5 that I will leave the channel in
description my friend now we have
decided to open this new channel
where we will exclusively video on
playstation 4
and how it can't be a first video
without a box in an embrace 4
then guys we bought the
playstation 4 from gamestop with big
too 5 unfortunately we have not found
a bundle so we had to buy
i so the pieces separately ie
console and game we will start for one thing
that we will grow an emotion
crazy look you take them well we are
ready to open the box itself also
things dry app you do not know
fuck centers where inside guys
there is the ps4 system then look
let's open split all guys because
we want to see the ps 4 boys system
let's not fuck this up
we have then this touches us
admit it so now I'll show you the
single pieces of the play then here
we first see a
flyer that advertises to playstation
plus
it says more or less what there is to show
better
turn turns I'll show him he has meanwhile is
first see maxim here we have the
controller the brand new controller a
that other guy who 's already been a
yellow is giving up big slut bitch
sexy goals
here is common must see to the touch it is
this is really much wider
of the stone the boys is much wider
of the first of that of the p3 plus
large and is much, much more comfortable
these then open riad workshop 3 this
sweet or 4 2 4 you understand me
perfect no I wanted to clarify then
we leave everything here now we have the various
hand read that we didn't need shit
he takes them here now I don't know if
these moments there is something
asi animations we have to take hand off
beds here should be there
headphones and this should be the new one
lion feeder is not that much
different from the playstation 3 headphones
a pearl micra smart to stick
on your child and how seen that should
be the hdm even over cable guys
hdmi for high definition west side
to load the spectrum controller can
see to load the controller col
usb cable
ok and now we get to the big shot from
a strong piece weight force guys
ps4 system you will see sorry but
the striped pass on the axis for a
month
maybe this is strange but because the boys
they should give you a month's subscription
free
this plus her mother maybe the show 4
when someone cares
now let's take a play4film stand
very careful not to fall
then you see guys how they hold it
very well then we find almost security
here you guys and here you have to put
fine fire because it is something
really special guys look at that
console made by dozens really
exceptional tenths but here you guys can
see wait for the power button and the
button that brings out practically the
disk as he wants to speculate we have the
usb sockets for behind we have the
cable guys really behind is right
a stuff here we have a hdmi input
the input for the ethernet cable
feeder and I don't know what it is here
this goes well the lux I don't know what one is
very strange thing and something will go here
very strange and that there was no subscription
one month free is a right to
buy the subscription
ok guys i would say that for today unboxing
it's over
we are waiting for you in a new video where
we will do as the first gameplay gta 5 opening
a box we are also the cover as
you can see how you already know the
Egyptian cover identical to that for
the rai 3 and xbox 360
and here we have the various lever
descriptions
but now the description behind was a
bit different because type says vallo santos
a town of gods however it started
so and then nothing next video will be
on the gta 5 gameplay
we will start a first type boys series
we'll do a little bit of fooling around then maybe
let's start focusing on more things
series that with emissions then maybe
whores
I'll explain to you then the next day
we will buy will most likely call
of duty advice and wait for or
butterfield hardline due out in March
so for problems I said everything marks
close the video above
because he decided to send me to everyone
updates of the casino boy ok
guys this first pressure video
4 ends here with a box in the
consul
now I drive both with valentino angel
tonino botany and I hope you saw the
our channel playstation 4 italia vi
whether you like it soon you'll also see new ones
news blog so much more and see you at
proposal waits not to close then if
you are one who uses the xbox one sport in the 60s
what is known
Get out of this channel case
because here is only playstation
so if you watching this video
you are using xbox 360 xbox one not ti
really line up and not look at ours
video since you are not worthy therefore not
break the fuck if you're boxing and 60
xbox one jolie immediately this video and not
look at you from the balls, maybe never
see
the p3 that unfortunately you guys now
the free 4 arrives unfortunately
is already tangent because it will be used perhaps
less but not well known since
owner who will use it and nothing
see you at the next video